jQuery makeFit
==============

This is a helper plugin which encapsulates some of the common positioning
problems in building web-based UI.

Installation
------------

This plugin loosely follows the UMD specification, and can be used either as
AMD module (e.g., via RequireJS), or normally via the script tag.

In the latter case, include the script tag after jQuery.

Usage
-----

jQuery makeFit exposes 4 jQuery methods:

 + `.relativeTo()` - position elements relative to other elements
 + `.desiredPosition()` - position as close to desired position as possible
 + `.containsCursor()` - tell wether element contains the mouse cursor
 + `.drag()` - complete drag (and, optionally, drop) calculations with
   callbacks

These are all documented within the source code. Note that not all of the
methods have been thoroughly tested. For now, `desiredPosition` is completely
untested, while others have been confirmed to work in at least their basic
forms. See [Bugs and feature requests](#bugs-and-feature-requests) section 
below if you need to report a bug or request a new feature.

Scripts using makeFit
---------------------

If you want to see a practical example using makeFit, take a look at the
[jQuery selectList plugin](https://github.com/Monwara/jquery-selectlist), which
uses it to present the list of drop-down options next to the label using
`relativeTo`.

Bugs and feature requests
-------------------------

Feel free to submit bug reports and feature requests in our 
[issue tracker](https://github.com/Monwara/jquery-makefit/issues).

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 Monwara LLC 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

